\input texinfo

@documentencoding utf-8
@settitle Resolve

@copying
This file documents Resolve

Copyright (C) 2019 GrammaTech
@end copying

@dircategory Utilities
@direntry
* Resolve: (resolve). Software difference display and resolution
@end direntry

@titlepage
@title Resolve
@page
@vskip 0pt plus 1filll
@insertcopying
@end titlepage

@c Output the table of the contents at the beginning.
@contents



@ifnottex
@node Top, Introduction, (dir), (dir)
@top Resolve

@insertcopying
@end ifnottex


Resolve is a library and a number of tools for software difference
display and conflict resolution.

@menu
* Introduction::                What is Resolve?
* Tools::                       Tools provided by Resolve.
* Usage::                       Using Resolve, including examples.

Appendices
* ChangeLog::                   Chronological log of notable changes by version
* Index::                       Complete index.

@end menu


@node Introduction, Tools, Top, Top
@chapter Introduction
@cindex introduction


@node Tools, AST Differencing, Introduction, Top
@chapter Tools
@cindex tools

@menu
* AST Differencing::            Calculate differences between ASTs
@end menu

@node AST Differencing, Usage, Tools, Tools
@section AST Differencing
@cindex ast-differencing
@include include/ast-diff.texi

@node Usage, ChangeLog, Tools, Top
@chapter Usage
@cindex usage

@menu
* Options::                     Options to resolve tools
* Examples::                    Example usage of resolve tools
@end menu

@node Options, edit-tree, Usage, Usage
@section Options
@cindex options

@menu
* edit-tree::                   TODO: brief description
@end menu

@node edit-tree, Examples, Options, Options
@subsection edit-tree
@cindex edit-tree

TODO: long form description of the edit-tree option.

@node Examples, ChangeLog, Options, Usage
@section Examples
@cindex examples

TODO: examples of using ast-diff and ast-merge.

@node ChangeLog, Index, Usage, Top
@appendix ChangeLog
@include changelog.texi


@node Index,  , ChangeLog, Top
@unnumbered Index

@c Combine all index (function variable type and concept) types into a
@c single index.
@syncodeindex fn cp
@syncodeindex vr cp
@syncodeindex tp cp
@printindex cp

@bye
